Hahaha, 100 years of construction of the Martial God Platform
In this hundred years
No one has ever dared to despise the Valkyrie so much
Do you know what you did today?
One foot has stepped into the doom
You, you, you.
You couldn't even identify me when you stood down
I think you, a long chess player, should stop being an identity
Hahaha, a blind underdog
Stealing the martial arts of the Martial God Platform
I took advantage of my bad form today to get away with it
It's not so easy to persuade you to fight
From today
The Wushentai is under the Five Sovereigns, Five Masters and Four Protectors
Abolition of Evergreen History
History of Jiedu History of Jinyi
Private History Supervision History
The history of all schools in the ancient imperial history
Hone is useless
Unchained
Not allowed to go out
Hahahahaha
Who do you think you are?
But you're crazy.
Do you really think you are five feet above the five emperors?
Talented adults can't
Right?
I thought that the Five Sovereigns and Five Masters were already the supreme beings of the Five Realms
I didn't expect to be above the two of them
There really is a god of war
God, what kind of fairy is it?
I'm afraid I can really make this day
It's delivered to the hole, that's right
I am the current Nine Heavens Supreme Eight Wilderness Royal Lord
The god of war is me, Luo Zhan